added slow mode and detach time to servo (#896)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/servo.rst

- **restore** (*Optional*, boolean): Whether to restore the state of the servo motor at startup.
  This is useful if you have an absolute servo motor and it goes back to its 0 position at startup.
  Defaults to ``false``.

> - **auto_detach_time** (*Optional*, ms): The time after reaching the target value when the servo will be detached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **auto_detach_time** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): The time after reaching the target value when the servo will be detached`, if set to zero, servo will not be detached. Defaults to ``0s`.
```

> - **auto_detach_time** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): The time after reaching the target value when the servo will be detached`, if set to zero, servo will not be detached. Defaults to ``0s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **auto_detach_time** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): The time after reaching the target value when the servo will be detached`, if set to zero, servo will not be detached. Defaults to ``0s``.
```

> - **transition_length** (*Optional*, ms): The needed for a full movement (-1.0 to 1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **transition_length** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): The time needed for a full movement (-1.0 to 1.0). This will effectively limit the speed of the servo, the larger the value, the slowest the servo will move. Defaults to `` 0s``
```
